"the burned houses"
"3"
"Gamepad"
"Fuel"
"Home sweet home..."
"Underground entrance"
"Post FX"
"Running"
"Left control"
"Musician's path"
"Only ashes remain"
"Use item"
"Additional PR"
"Special attack"
"Burn them all"
"Blocked."
"A wooden cross covered in mud and sticks."
"Melee weapons have a secondary attack. Try it out by pressing {0}."
"I best not enter this room right now."
"Value:"
"Programming, Marketing, PR"
"Time freeze"
"Remove"
"Your skin is thinner."
"Aim"
"Each time you die, you lose the recently added skills. All your items lose some of their durability, and mutated items get removed."
"Skill 1"
"Yes"
"Burned house"
"Right Stick Right"
"The lonely boy had long sought the favor of the woman locked in one of the Chicken Lady's rooms. \nHowever, one day the woman disappeared. The Chicken Lady dragged her bed outside and burned it. \nThe grief-stricken boy left the village, but his violin could be heard in the woods for a long time."
"Make it through the Prologue."
"No sleep for the wicked"
"I don't know how to do that."
"Cottage near the junkyard"
"ZL"
"Lost inventory"
"I can't craft more items of this type."
"Options button"
"The boy with the violin waited many weeks for the stranger to return. His body grew every day and he was afraid he won't be able to play his violin again. The hideout at the swamp became his new home, which he never left."
"southeast"
"Video"
"Some items can be used from within the inventory. Open your inventory by pressing {0} and then press {1} to open the Context Menu."
"Press {0} to access the Active Skill menu."
"Only ashes remain"
"The pages are glued together, creating a rotting clump of paper. There's a note at the bottom: "Radio tower - door 21, 12 PM, Kowalczyk, Trzcinkowski, Stelmaszczuk, Zieliński". At the top, I can only make out the words: "Devil horns - orga...". The rest of the words is unreadable."
"Light Quality"
"QA"
"Burned houses"
"Awesome"
"Harvest"
"Merciful"
"minute"
"The strange inhabitant of the hut at the junkyard spent a long time on its roof, basking in the sun. But the voices coming from the inside did not give him peace.\nSo he crawled down the roof, and since his limbs went numb from lying on the hard tiles, he stumbled and fell face down in the mud. In the pool he saw his reflection - a huge head of a snail. He then thought that he's never had such a strange dream before and he wished to wake up."
"Pet"
"Workbench"
"The woman living with her two children in the barricaded cottage at the swamp looked out for her missing son for many days. \nOne day she heard a voice coming from the forest depths. \nEventually, her longing for the child won over her fear of trees. The woman closed the other children in the house with food provisions for a couple of days and set out into the woods, listening for distant calls."
"WARNING: The game is not saved during prologue! You will lose all progress if you quit now."
"A white, child-sized dress."
"Night protection"
"Damaged"
"Church underground"
"Audio"
"Church underground"
"I'd like to thank my amazing fiancé, my son, mom, dad, and my sister for the support and being there for me. I love you!"
"English"
"Drink"
"Swamp"
"Congratulations! You have completed the first chapter. Look out for more content in the coming updates. You can continue playing if you wish to uncover more of Darkwood's mysteries!"
"The infection seems to have originated from the giant bug in the middle of the room."
"Road to the village"
"Additional animation"
"The boy with the violin came back to the silo. He threw away his gramophone and his violin. He started to listen to the hum of the Forest, which calmed his scattered thoughts."
"Repair well"
"Piotrek did not live to see the fire. Before the flames appeared, he rose above the tree tops in his rocket made of scrap. As he looked through the small spaceship window, he smiled for the last time. The Milky Way’s stars looked so beautiful... even now, when moving away at a huge speed."
"Locked... I need a key."
"Something is happening..."
"Additional QA"
"After many days of a murderous toil, the villagers managed to clear the entrance to the old quarry. Unfortunately, the fate of the weakest and the most afflicted ones turned out to be a foregone conclusion. It was too late. The ones who survived cursed the stranger in the hat till the end of their days."
"A very thick, metal door. I won't be able to open it without my key."
"Burned house"
"Right arrow"
"Switch off"
"Control Pad Left"
"I don't have any repair kits."
"Go inside"
"The woman living with the chickens fell into deep despair after the tragic death of her sister. Unable to cope with her sadness, she closed herself in her hut, never to leave again."
"The map is outdated, it must've been prepared around three years ago. The woods have changed considerably since then. Moreover, it's so ragged, it's barely readable. However, I think I can make out the position of the cottage near the junkyard and the village with that "tree"."
"Normal"
"the pig shed"
"I can't do that now."
"Your lungs are more efficient."
"Recipe"
"Marketing, PR"
"Attempt to recover the files"
"Low"
"Cure"
"Dose"
"Disarm"
"This door seems to be blocked from the other side."
"I don't have the required resources..."
"Testing by QLOC S.A."
"Camp"
"Cottage"
"Camp"
"Are you sure you want to start a new game? You will lose any unsaved progress!"
"Bliss"
"tank wreck"
"2"
"Dodge"
"Finished prologue"
"The air is dreadfully rancid and stuffy... The heavy, sweet smell of the flowers mixes with the stench of rot."
"Me"
"Unlocked!"
"camp"
"A caption at the back of the painting reads: "Flowers 07.1972""
"With a item selected in your hotbar, hold {0} and then press {1} to use it."
"Insatiable hunger"
"Production"
"Silo"
"The title reads: "The use of mushrooms in the household"."
"Right Stick X"
"Right Stick Y"
"Turkish proofreading"
"Vaulting"
"the Doctor, who did not wake up even as the flames came closer,"
"southern"
"Resolution"
"Examine"
"Inventory"
"I think this one is still breathing."
"Mouse Wheel Up"
"Player Menu"
"It's too dangerous to go in there at night."
"Third eye"
"Start over from Chapter 2"
"Upgrade"
"Runner"
"It's locked! Somebody stole my key, I must get it back..."
"Move Left"
"Alpha"
"Reputation"
"Türkçe"
"Hungarian translation"
"The settings will revert in {0} seconds."
"Right Stick Left"
"To immediately transfer items between inventories, hold {0} or {1} when clicking on it."
"Generating world... This may take a few minutes."
"Play"
"Frame supply crew - for keepin me sane, during "break from development" skate sessions -.--.-!"
"Friends, backers, players of Darkwood - for all support and faith in our game!"
"Jasiek - special mention! BALIMYNAH!"
"Always first on the list, no matter what! Thank You all for everything! :) LUV YA ALL!!!"
"rest of family!"
"my Brother and Sister"
"Mum and Dad"
"Ruin"
"This area is not available in the current version of the game."
"You can step on a trap without triggering it."
"Junkyard"
"Hunter's house"
"Level"
"the talking tree, towering over the flooded village,"
"A large part of the villagers survived, hiding from the fire in the vast, barren clearings.\n\nWhen the fire went out and the incomprehensible whispers and calls ceased forever, they saw incoming helicopters above the destroyed land."
"the train wreck"
"Deutsch"
"Burning"
"Additional programming"
"I don't want to leave. I want to go to sleep..."
"Campsite"
"Discard all of the save files"
"Prologue"
"Reload"
"the Chicken Lady, crushed by the roof when she attempted to carry her sick sister out of the building,"
"Your sight is worse."
"Dynamic resolution"
"Left"
"You are weaker."
"Secondary attack"
"The boy with the violin buried his parents and returned to the silo. He threw away his gramophone and his violin. He started to listen to the sound of the Forest, which calmed his scattered thoughts. One day he left his home and went towards the trees, following his mother's voice."
"Bridge"
"Press {0} to run."
"The Wolf finally satisfied his ever-insatiable hunger.\nAfter he finished carefully gnawing on every single bone of what remained of Chicken Lady's sister, he disappeared into his hideout. He supposedly spent the rest of his existence... chasing his own tail."
"Dry Meadow"
"Give the key to Wolf."
"Fuel"
"Disable gamepad input"
"Burn them all"
"Gossip"
"Main Menu"
""You're invited to a party!""
"To refill the generator, equip the gasoline tank, hover your cursor over the generator, hold {1}, followed by {0} to pour the gasoline."
"the old lady overgrown with mushrooms who, immobilized in her rocking chair, burned together with her hut,"
"the Swamp"
"French translation"
"Do you wish to apply these changes?"
"Trade"
"Oven"
"Up"
"The map is outdated, it must've been prepared around two years ago. The woods have changed considerably since then. Moreover, it's so ragged, it's barely readable. However, I think I can make out the position of the cottage near the junkyard and the village with that "tree"."
"This is not my apartment."
"This option enables additional cool, but immersion-breaking content."
"The boulder might fall down any minute now. I must be careful not to trap myself in the quarry..."
"Looks like a bullet, but it's... soft?"
"Congratulations! You have completed the second chapter! The Epilogue will be available in the final version of the game. Look out for more content in the coming updates. You can continue playing if you wish to uncover more of Darkwood's mysteries!"
"Needs:"
"Skill 3"
"Darkwood - a new perspective on survival horror. Scavenge and explore a rich, ever-changing free-roam world by day, then hunker down in your hideout and pray for the morning light."
"silo"
"Next"
"7"
"Good"
"Unable to check for latest version."
"Verifying saved profiles, please wait..."
"Mushroom glade"
"Fold"
"Piotrek's house"
"Left Stick Right"
"Bleeding"
"Secondary Attack"
"Map"
"Back Quote"
"Radio tower"
"Click to upgrade item!"
"I need to get more information out of him. It's getting late, so I'll better just take him back home."
"You regain health when close to switched on electrical light sources."
"the Chicken Lady who, grief-stricken after the death of her sister, did not even attempt to escape,"
"the house"
"If you load this profile, you will start playing from the second chapter with a default set of items."
"---"
"Turkish translation"
""Płomyk", a biweekly magazine for youth. This issue is from 1975."
"Road"
"Day"
"western"
"You move faster."
"Right Shoulder"
"Stop dragging"
"You are playing a challenging and unforgiving game.\n\nYou will not be led by the hand.\n\nRespect the woods. Be patient. Focus."
"Lie down"
"I would like to thank my parents and my girlfriend Monika for the tremendous support and patience."
"This icon indicates that that a context menu can be displayed for this object. Press {0} to expand the menu."
"the three outcasts wearing old rags and scrap who, grief-stricken under the enormous, completely burned tree, didn't even attempt to run,"
"If you don't move, you'll be invisible for some time."
"Kill the Mutated Pig inside the pigsheds."
"Piotrek's house"
"Revert to default"
"Adjust the slider until the third image on the right is barely visible."
"The forgiving mode. When dying, you drop a part of your equipment."
"Help"
"Burned cottage"
"Go to sleep in the grave while dreaming."
"I should change first."
"Console Porting"
"UPGRADE WORKSHOP"
"I don't have the key to this door."
"Sell"
"---"
"I can't cook this."
"Eat the Mushroom Granny."
"Mouse"
"Search"
"It's too dangerous to cook during the night."
"Go to bed in the Epilogue."
"New"
"Your sight is better."
"Italian translation"
"Fallen tree"
"The villagers soon forgot about the stranger in the hat, unaware of the fact that it was him who fixed the machine in the pig shed. The sound of squealing filled the woods once again. The huge sow fed the villagers for a long time."
"Insatiable hunger"
"not very far"
"Press {0} to access your inventory. Drag the axe to the hotbar to equip it."
"Locked!"
"I don't have any empty oxygen tanks."
"Cottage"
"The door opens."
""Population list""
"Apply"
"Barricade"
"No room in inventory..."
"Talk"
"The missing son of the Elephants moved into the mushroom-infested hut. \nThe old lady who owned the place finally remembered her previous incarnation, when observing the boy playing in the corner of the room. \nFor a short moment she even felt like a human being, when the boy put down his charcoal and paper to sit down on her knees."
"Your skin is thicker."
"Permadeath"
"Right Alt"
"Burn the Talking Tree."
"Kill the pig..."
"Old shed"
"Burning the tree opened the road home for many anguished inhabitants of the forest.\n\nOnly three outcasts dressed in old rags and scraps lamented over its charred remains."
"Wedding"
"more"
"Sickness"
"Essence"
"Sunken house"
"I don't want to go out yet. I need to wake up first."
"Key to tunnel #21"
"I don't have any lockpicks..."
"northwestern"
"Right control"
"Move Horizontal"
"Darkwood was brought to you by\nAcid Wizard Studio"
"I already know how to craft this."
"Wooden planks"
"Dry Meadow hideout"
"A strange, soft item."
"PLEASE READ THE KNOWN ISSUES THREAD BEFORE BUYING"
"If I am to stay here for the night, I must light the oven."
"Use lockpick"
"Cottage behind the corn field"
"Down"
"Rocks"
"minutes"
"Fonts & sprites"
"Ok"
"Repair cables"
"Cellar"
"eastern"
"I refilled all the empty oxygen tanks."
"It won't let me enter right now."
"Railroad tracks"
"The item is no longer usable, I need to repair it."
"I don't have any gasoline..."
"Workbench"
"REPAIR ITEM"
"Entertainer"
"Left Stick Button"
"Failed..."
"Testers"
"Previous"
"Path"
"Special thanks"
"Русский"
"Chinese translation"
"Dismantling this now would be suicide."
"Quit"
"The item has broken!"
"9"
"On"
"Transfer"
"Exit"
"Do not skip the prologue if you're playing for the first time!"
"Close"
"Skill Menu"
"Keyboard"
"Loading..."
"Profiles"
"?"
"You are bleeding."
"Eat"
"I have died"
"Village"
"Ruin"
"Options"
"Hotbar scrolling"
"Switching between items"
"These parts of the woods are dark, I should craft a torch."
"Convert wood logs to planks"
"The crippled old man descended into madness, unable to free himself from the moaning tree whose roots completely devoured the flooded village."
"Up Arrow"
"the Elephant family, who did not leave their house at the swamp even as the flames started consuming it,"
"Left Mouse Button"
"The unforgiving mode. You have a limited number of lives. After that, it's game over."
"A big sign on the door reads: "Closed Area"."
"Hold {0} to run. Running uses stamina."
"Shrine"
"Holes"
"Broken tree"
"Wreckage"
"Left Trigger"
"Refuel"
"I feel like I forgot to take something with me..."
"I don't have any skills to use yet."
"This door seems to be blocked."
"Right"
"Searched"
"Off"
"This axe might come in handy."
"Camp"
"and the last living inhabitant of the flooded village who, just before his death, managed to feast his eyes on the sight of the enormous tree withering in the fire."
"To reload your flashlight, press {0} (if you have batteries in your inventory)."
"the Chicken Lady who set out into the woods in search of her sister and lost the way,"
"This barricade is too strong to dismantle."
"My body part"
"Ruin"
"Na odwrocie, pośród wielu nieczytelnych rysunków, znajduje się mała, nabazgrana róża wiatrów z zakreślonym kierunkiem. Być może coś istotnego znajduje się w {0} części {1}."
"Relative controls"
"A piece of a neatly cut stone. It's covered in blood. Someone has probably used it as a weapon..."
"A useless, damaged handheld radio."
"Wolf's camp"
"Wolf's camp"
"Move Right"
"You're in the hideout, under the influence of the protective substance. It will help you survive the night."
"This item is broken. I can repair it on a workbench."
"Leave"
"You are immune to poison."
"Left Stick Y"
"Please update!"
"Rocks"
"I need to drink the water from the well in order to survive."
"Chameleon"
"Locked... I think I left the key in the wardrobe."
"These drawings are terrible. Just like mine."
"You do not lose stamina when running."
"Resistance to poison"
"Circle"
"A men's magazine. This year's issue."
"Close"
"Accept"
"Repair"
"Latest version"
"Switch on"
"burned house"
"Your lungs are less efficient."
"Wrong code."
"the boy with the violin who remained alone in the old hut at the swamp, without a chance of escape,"
"Additional art"
"Music"
"This disables the default gamepad control mode."
"Left Stick Up"
"Français"
"Dismantle"
"Piotrek never finished building his rocket. He remained in the woods, dreaming about space travels."
"Are you sure you wish to return to main menu? You will lose any unsaved progress!"
"German translation"
"D-Pad Up"
"New journal entry"
"Burn the Being in the Epilogue."
"Skill 2"
"When the stranger killed the only sow in the village, its inhabitants, afraid of another spectre of starvation, broke through one of the forest walls. However, on the other side they only found a flooded, infertile land. Sick, devoid of hope and extremely weak, they scattered around the forest, finally becoming one with it."
"The torch went out."
"Skills"
"cottages"
"Key found"
"Beta Version"
"Spanish proofreading"
"Alpha Version"
"A handheld radio covered in some strange growth. It's made of a spongy, colorless material. The dials and the cable are grown together with the case, which is dented at the bottom."
"You can only select and interact with objects within your reach. The interaction range is indicated by the color-changing cursor."
"None"
"Show item"
"Broken truck"
"Church ruins"
"Right Mouse Button"
"When the stranger killed the only sow in the village, its inhabitants, afraid of another spectre of starvation, broke through one of the forest walls. However, on the other side they found only a flooded, infertile land.\nHunger lead their weary bodies deep into the woods, until they encountered a hut overgrown with mushrooms. The house was large and the food was plenty. The villagers satisfied their hunger without even sparing the old lady living inside. They fell asleep with stuffed bellies, to wake up as ever-insatiable monsters."
"Confirm"
"Resume"
"Old Woods hideout"
"Underground passage"
"I best not enter this room right now."
"Mouse Wheel Down"
"Enter"
"I better keep these things, I might need them later."
"German proofreading"
"I need to upgrade my workshop to craft this."
"the underground entrance"
"Effects Cycle"
"This icon indicates the ability to switch between several objects in close proximity. Press {0} to switch between them."
"Willpower"
"Ruin"
"Right shift"
"Place"
"Tank wreck"
"Bliss"
"ZR"
"Play"
"I won't be able to tear the floor off with my bare hands. There should be some tools in the kitchen."
"Sleep in the grave"
"The Wolf made a triumphant return to his hideout, his ego growing even bigger as he basked in the glow of his loot.\nHowever, the sweetness of this victory was not able to satisfy his single, deepest desire."
"Somebody scratched out the word "Thief" on the photo..."
"What a lovely family."
"Indiegogo content"
"Primary Action"
"PLAY"
"The rustle of the woods stretching away to the horizon kept the stranger awake for a long time."
"I'm already using a skill."
"Moving items"
"Controls"
"Go up"
"This place is infected with something toxic. I need to find a way to get rid of it."
"The woman living with the chickens stayed in the village to tend to her sick sister. One day she heard a clatter coming from her sibling's room. When the Chicken Lady ran into the room, she found the door broken and the chamber empty. Only the well-worn bed and an old blanket remained after her sister."
"Received item"
""In general, I'm not a fan of such measures while making art, but one little bottle of wine to get the creative juices flowing certainly can't harm us." Grzegorz Like"
"Update history"
"You move slower."
"the three outcasts wearing old rags and scrap who hugged the trunk of the talking tree and didn't even attempt to escape,"
"You are burning."
"Chapter 2"
"the cottage"
"rocks"
"Willpower"
"seconds"
"Down arrow"
"the creepy house"
"You have"
"northwest"
"Train wreck"
"Polski"
"Armor"
"Rubber boot from a hazard suit."
"Ruin"
"This item is broken, I can't repair it."
"I can extract {0} essence from this."
"Downgrade instructions"
"When your character dies, you have to start over. This mode provides the biggest thrill, but it's recommended only for experienced players."
"Back"
"From then on, wooden crosses covered with a coat and a hat started appearing in the woods. They were usually accompanied by three black, beakless dead crows.\n\nThe inhabitants of the woods believed these symbols protected them from a scarecrow lurking between the trees, silently taking the lives of everyone he encountered."
"Run"
"I must wait before I can use this skill again."
"the villagers who, cut off inside the old quarry, had no way of escape,"
"---"
"Vault"
"Wolf's path"
"To access the map, press {0}."
"Cycle"
"Right Trigger"
"I can't use this skill anymore today."
"the inhabitant of the house in the junkyard who burned to death inside his own shell,"
"Profile"
"Learn"
"Move Down"
"Using items"
"To cycle between currently selected objects, press {0}."
"Spanish translation"
"Read"
"Chinese proofreading"
"Move Up"
"Russian translation"
"hour"
"This setting ensures your view area is the same across all resolutions. This setting is forced on resolutions above 1080p."
"Cancel"
"Recipe for"
"Pre-disease state"
"Left Shoulder"
"When left to her own devices, Chicken Lady's sister freed herself and set out to hunt for fresh meat. Many days later, she found her admirer in an old silo. The little musician did not get to enjoy the sight of the Pretty Lady for too long."
"rocks"
"Piotrek completed building his rocket made of scrap, but when he started the engine, the rumble of the explosion spread through the whole woods... to the great delight of the man with the wolf's snout."
"I must return to my hideout before nightfall."
"Error when accessing the save files.\n\nWould you like to try to recover the corrupted profiles, or discard all of them and start a new game?"
"Left Stick X"
"Programming"
"Someone scratched out the word "liar" on the helmet's viewfinder."
"中文"
"The Doctor, fearing the revenge of the man dressed in a scarecrow costume, disappeared deep into the wilderness.\nThe unfathomable visions that haunted him eventually led the local physician to the edge of madness.\nIn the end, however, they became obvious transmissions... and the Forest became his new home."
"the Wolf's camp"
"Fullscreen"
"If the cursor has a plus icon next to it, you can hold {0} to open the selected object's action menu."
"Ruin"
"Brook"
"Русский"
"Healing"
"Location found"
"I need to place wood logs in the container first."
"west"
"Production babies ;)"
"I can't upgrade this any further."
"I don't have the required resources..."
"Chicken Lady's house"
"WARNING! The save file you are trying to load ({0}) is incompatible with your game version. \n\nIf you wish to continue playing on this save, please downgrade your version of Darkwood.\n\nOtherwise, you can delete the save and free up a profile slot."
"Immobilized"
"Left Stick Down"
"The door lock seems to be jammed."
"Confirm"
"Sight"
"To run, push the left stick all the way in the direction you wish to move."
"The radio has been silent for years. Although sometimes I think I can hear voices through the static..."
"The "arrows" icon next to the cursor signals the ability to switch between several objects lying on top of each other. Press {0} to switch between them."
"I need to drink the water from the well, otherwise I'll die."
"close by"
"Error while accessing save file {0}. Possible reasons:\n- You don't have administrative privileges to the file.\n- An antivirus application is currently scanning the folder.\n\nPlease restart your computer and try again. If this does not help, try reinstalling the game.\n\nPress Esc (or Start on the gamepad) to exit the game."
"the Old Woods"
"Third eye regeneration"
"Kill the Black Chomper while dreaming."
"Survive Wolf's ambush."
"Wake up"
"Do not succumb to the Doctor's trap."
"The door seems stuck. I need to apply some force on it."
"?"
"No room in container..."
"I could craft a simple weapon with these things."
"1"
"Corpses"
"You deal double damage."
"Entrance to Silent Forest"
"Give the key to the Musician."
"I feel as if someone tried to drill through my skull..."
"Silent Forest hideout"
"the Hunter's house"
"Chapter"
"The cassette label reads: "Wedding"."
"Chapter 1"
"Pig shed"
"You are poisoned."
"Set"
"A caption at the back of the painting reads: "04.1979""
"?"
"A caption at the back of the painting reads: "Flowers 05.1973""
"Italiano"
"Camp"
"This drilling..."
"Triangle"
"the Wolf's camp"
"Upgrades"
"Anti-tank gun"
"Keys"
"the villagers who, having satisfied their hunger with mushrooms and having been overtaken by euphoria, threw themselves into the flames,"
"D-Pad Down"
"It looks like this door will only open if I close the previous one."
"I can't open this door."
"Craft"
"Leave"
"Bodyguard"
"Careful step"
"You are wearing armor."
"Skip prologue"
"Move Vertical"
"Doctor's house"
"Help"
"A ragged rope with traces of dried blood and pieces of hazard suit glued to it."
"Dig"
"Right Stick Down"
"I don't want to leave my apartment."
"?"
"?"
"?"
"I can only decipher individual words: "shell", "thick goo", "light"."
"Hideout"
"An automotive magazine. This year's issue."
"Terrible"
"Needs"
"Old Woods"
"Control Pad Right"
"Finished Prologue"
"Terrible"
"Pick up"
"I can't inject any more essence..."
"Left arrow"
"Gamma"
"English"
"Endurance"
"the Chicken Lady's house"
"When left to her own devices, the Chicken Lady's sister freed herself and set out to hunt for fresh meat."
"The tank is empty."
"It's stuck! I could force my way out."
"Return"
"The map is unreadable. I can see some kind of a drawing in the corner. Is it a combine?"
"It's already in good condition."
"Piotrek hid in his rocket made of scrap. \nWhen the fire ceased, he got back to planning his space travel."
"Item found"
"and the vagabond from outside the woods, the monster in a scarecrow's disguise, who - due to reasons known only to himself - killed everyone who crossed him."
"Silent Forest"
"second"
"Use"
"Backpack"
"Thank you to all the backers who supported us during our Indiegogo campaign!"
"Writers"
"Sound"
"You will be able to assign your skills once a new day starts."
"Credits"
"Time"
"The barricaded cottage at the swamp became a prison for the three children. The oldest boy, kept locked in his room following his escape attempt, would long remember his only journey through the woods and the visit in the house overgrown with white mushrooms."
"R2"
"Build"
"English translation"
"Return to world"
"Delete"
"A caption at the back of the painting reads: "Light 08.1975""
"L2"
"Everyone who helped us make Darkwood happen! Thanks!"
"southwest"
"Shrine"
"But not everyone perished..."
"Your position on the map is not marked. When you discover a new location, it will be added to your map. The location you are currently in is indicated in red. In order not to get lost, you need to learn how to determine your position relative to the discovered locations and landmarks."
"There's no room for upgrades, I need to upgrade my workbench."
"Barn ruins"
"the Doctor, who holed himself up deep in the woods, tormented by the unending whispers of his absent daughter,"
"I think it's the Doctor..."
"east"
"You are wearing armor."
"8"
"Press {0} to vault over a window or fence."
"A postcard from my parents. I'll read it later."
"The boy with the violin returned to his family home. Unfortunately, when he opened the door to the house, he understood that his parents are still angry with him. He tried to cover himself using the violin, but to no avail. This time the father did not use the belt, but his new rows of teeth."
"Good"
"The boy with the violin waited many weeks for the stranger to return. One day the trapdoor leading to the underground opened once again. The little boy traveled through the tunnels and, to his great despair, he had to leave his trusty old violin behind him."
"northern"
"southwestern"
"Ruin"
"Giant hole"
"Broken tractor"
"Make it to Chapter 2."
"CLOSE"
"Bad"
"A shiny stone tied to a wooden cross."
"Exit to Main Menu"
"Epilogue"
"Resolutions above 1080p are not recommended due to the UI not being scaled. The game uses point texture filtering to produce a pixelated effect. This means you can set a resolution lower than your monitor's native resolution without worrying about the textures becoming blurred."
"Drop"
"?"
"tank wreck"
"Space"
"Press {0} to perform an alternative type of attack."
"Entertainer"
"Broken tree"
"Right Stick Up"
"Items"
"Middle Mouse Button"
"Train wreck"
"Not enough fuel to do that."
"I can repair these cables."
"Pain"
"?"
"Complete Chapter 2 without burning the Talking Tree."
"I'm here."
"---"
"---"
"Awesome"
"Death is not the end."
"---"
"---"
"I need to choose a negative perk."
"southeastern"
"None of my keys fit."
"UPGRADE ITEM"
"north"
"less"
"The well is dry at the moment. I should check back tomorrow."
"Press {0} to jump back. Dodging uses stamina."
"Nightmare"
"The woman living with the chickens left her hut and journeyed into the Forest in search of her missing sister. Since then, the Chicken Lady's house is inhabited only by wild poultry."
"The woman living with the chickens fell into deep despair when she learned from the stranger about the tragic death of her sister. Unable to cope with the tragedy, the woman closed herself in her hut, never to leave again."
"Difficulty"
"---"
"The floor is covered with flowers of various colors. Some are fresh, the rest must have been lying here for some time."
"Piotrek did not live till the fire. Before the flames appeared, he completed the construction of his spaceship made of scrap, but when he started it, the rumble of the explosion filled the whole woods... to the great delight of a man with a wolf's snout."
"Select"
"Madman's scribblings."
"I'm hurt... I could use these rags to craft some bandages and heal myself."
"Cook"
"Hotfix"
"Darkwood provides a new perspective on survival horror. \n\nScavenge and explore the rich, ever-changing free-roam world by day, then hunker down in your hideout and pray for the morning light.\n\nSurvival horror from a top-down perspective that is terrifying to play.\nNo hand holding or quest markers. Test your skills and figure things out on your own!\nBy day explore the randomly generated, ever-sinister woods, scavenge for materials, craft weapons and discover new secrets.\nBy night find shelter, barricade, set up traps and hide or defend yourself from the horrors that lurk in the dark.\nGain skills and perks by extracting a strange essence from mutated fauna and flora and injecting it into your bloodstream. Watch out for unexpected consequences...\nMake decisions that impact the world of Darkwood, its inhabitants and the story you experience.\nMeet eerie characters, learn their stories and decide their fate. And remember - don’t trust anyone.\nAs nights go by, the lines between reality and nightmarish fantasies begin to blur. Are you ready to step into Darkwood?"
"Got it."
"Dodging"
"hours"
"The woman living with the chickens fell into deep despair after losing her sister. The sadness brought her closer to the lonely boy with the violin. She wanted to fill the void after her loss. And thus she took him under her roof, tending to him like she once tended to her sister."
"?"
"I would rather not open it. I spent too much time to lock him in there."
"far"
"I have:"
"You are stronger."
"---"
"Buy"
"Saving"
"Far Look"
"A empty jar that contained a chocolate-like product. Even if there was anything left inside, its "best before" date expired in 1979..."
"To access the journal, press {0}."
"Left Alt"
"Gas"
"6"
"My cottage"
"The little musician hid in the old hut with the trapdoor leading to the underground tunnels. \nWhen the fire went out, the trapdoor opened and the boy left the woods."
"The inhabitant of the hut at the junkyard went into the woods, following distant whispers. \nWhen he was close to his destination, he got stuck between giant tree roots. Soon, hungry birds started to gather over his enormous body. Feeling his impending death, he desperately started trying to free himself from the roots that clutched him. Weakened after a long trip, he failed to fight them off and fell face-down into the mud. \nMoments before death he saw his reflection in a pool - a huge snail head. He then thought that he's never had such a strange dream and he wished to wake up."
"the farmhouse"
"Revert"
"5"
"Great lake"
"This item is already in good condition."
"Special Thanks"
"A torn cigarette pack. The caption at the bottom reads: "Return south edge of swamp"."
"Eventually fatigue washed over him and the man fell into a deep, much-desired dream."
"---"
"Refill"
"The light is the only shelter"
"Use key"
"D-Pad Right"
"Português brasileiro"
"Tank wreck"
"Strength"
"You can't move for some time."
"Sawmill"
"Cottage"
"Snail's cottage"
"The road he followed to get home was devoured by the talking tree.\n\nThis way the last exit from the woods was sealed, closing the remaining inhabitants inside."
"Open"
"After each survived night you gain reputation with the Trader."
"Beta"
"Speed"
"Journal"
"Crafting requirements:"
"Spanish testers"
"This item can't be repaired."
"Drag"
"Polski"
"Cross"
"Press {0} to pick up or drop an item.\nHold {1} to automatically move a single item between the open inventories. Hold {2} to move the whole stack."
"Press {0} to vault over obstacles like fences or windows."
"House"
"corpses"
"4"
"With a weapon selected in your hotbar, hold {0} and then press {1} to use it."
"Square"
"Some items can be used by hovering the cursor over them. Open your inventory by pressing {0} and then hold {1} to open the Context Menu."
"The lonely musician finally managed to get through to the Pretty Lady's room. He untied her from the bed and fell into her embrace. The Musician made his dream come true, and the Pretty Lady could finally satisfy her hunger."
"Bad"
"My tools. They haven't been sterilized for years. The local patients can't be helped anyway..."
"The fate of the man with the wolf's snout remains unknown."
"---"
"If this setting is on, your character will move relative to his current orientation, as opposed to the default absolute direction."
"Efficiency"
"Swamp cottage"
"Are you sure you want to delete this profile?"
"Should your mouse scroll switch the items on your hotbar?"
"Adrenaline"
"Chapter 2"
"Animation"
"---"
"Quarry"
"northeast"
"Thank you for playing!"
"and the last living inhabitant of the flooded village, consumed by the flames at the very end of the road leading home."
"Underground passage"
"Merciful"
"INVENTORY"
"In the swamp, trap the villagers in the quarry with the giant boulder."
"a lot"
"You are breathing poisonous gas."
"Location already marked"
"Brazilian Portuguese translation"
"Not enough room to do that."
"Right Stick Button"
"When the stranger took the boy from the mushroom-infested hut, the old lady who owned the place fell into a deep slumber. When the door to the house opened again after many weeks, only a rocking chair overgrown with white mushrooms was found inside."
"The ultimate thrill. Death is permanent."
"French proofreading"
"You are regenerating health."
"Road to the Doctor's house"
"I had to drop some of the items."
"---"
"I can hear somebody screaming "The Door! It's open!" behind me, somewhere deeper in the tunnel."
"Language"
"Italian proofreading"
"Locked... I could open it with a lockpick."
"You will lose progress since last save!"
"Drink"
"Magyar"
"camp"
"Change frequency"
"Español"
"Gas protection"
"Musician's path"
"Repair"
"Ruin"
"Moth"
"?"
"I need to choose a positive perk."
"This item already has this upgrade."
"my hideout"
"Hard"
"It's so cold..."
"Use bandages"
"A caption at the back of the painting reads: "Flowers 06.1978""
"No sleep for the wicked"
"Are you sure you want to quit? You will lose any unsaved progress!"
"Click to craft item!"
"Primary action"
"Press {0} to pick up or drop an item.\nPress {1} to automatically move a single item between the open inventories. Press {2} to move the whole stack."
"Art, Sound design, Music, Level design, Story"
"Attacking"
"The man with the wolf's snout hid in an abandoned barn devoured by trees. Now he could calmly listen to the distant lament of the Forest inhabitants and bask in their misery."
"very far"
"When the stranger took the boy from the mushroom-infested hut, the old lady who owned the place fell into a deep slumber. When the door to the house opened again after many weeks, only a rocking chair overgrown with white mushrooms was found inside."
"slightly"
"Unlocked with key: {0}."
"Storage"
"Poisoned"
"The fire consumed the last road leading to the heart of the woods."
"It's no use, my weapon is ineffective against this!"
"northeastern"
""The road home""
"Gained reputation"
"Vsync"
"Crafting"
"Mouse Wheel"
"Remove"
"?"
"?"
"Trapped villagers"
"Saw"
"Press {0} to access your inventory and crafting menu."
"To apply these settings, the game needs to be restarted. Do you wish to do this now?"
"A "plus" icon next to the cursor indicates that that a context menu can be displayed. Hold {0} to expand the menu."
"or"
"D-Pad Left"
"the Dry Meadow"
"Creepy house"
"When the stranger killed the only sow in the village, its inhabitants, afraid of another spectre of starvation, broke through one of the forest walls. However, on the other side they only found a flooded, infertile land.\nHunger lead their weary bodies deep into the woods, until they encountered a hut overgrown with mushrooms. The house was large and the food was plenty. The villagers satisfied their hunger. Even the wooden boards supporting the building were not spared. They fell asleep with stuffed bellies, to wake up as ever-insatiable monsters."
"Piotrek rose above the tree tops in his rocket made out of scrap. He smiled as, peeking through the small plastic window of his spaceship, he saw the Milky Way's stars moving away at huge speed."
"Days survived: {0}"
"Trapped villagers"
"Using items"
"Wooden planks"
"Context Menu"
"the Silent Forest"
"I'm too far"
"Before the villagers left their homes in search of food, they rushed into the hut of the woman living with the chickens to reinvigorate themselves before the journey. They did not satisfy their hunger completely, but nevertheless they left quite content. \nThe Chicken Lady, deprived of the company of her beloved chickens, filled with excruciating despair and burning hatred towards the villagers, stayed in the abandoned village and continued tending to her sister. However, her determination was not met with appreciation. After many weeks of fighting off starvation, the Chicken Lady died, thus becoming her beloved sister's final meal."
"Kill the pig..."
"Camp"
"Left Stick Left"
"I understand, delete the save file"
"Nothing happens..."
"I can't upgrade it any further."
"Transfer all"
"Shadows"
"This may be a one-way road."
"Wolf's path"
"The son of the Elephant family who, just in time, fled from the mushroom-infested hut to the nearby swamp. \nWhen the fire ceased, the boy set out towards home, hoping that the fire had spared his loved ones."
"fuel"
"This item is used up, but I can reload it."
"Switch"
"Time since last save"
"You are immune to gas poisoning."
"Back"
"With a weapon selected in your hotbar, hold {1} to take aim, then press {0} while aiming to attack."
"No"
"A fully charged attack deals more damage and temporarily stuns an enemy."
"0"
"A great fire consumed the woods for a couple of days, gradually claiming many of its inhabitants."
"Got it."
"When the stranger killed the only sow in the village, its inhabitants, afraid of another spectre of starvation, broke through one of the forest walls. However, on the other side they only found a flooded, infertile land.\nHunger lead their weary bodies deep into the woods, until they encountered a hut overgrown with white mushrooms. The house was large and the food was plenty. The villagers devoured the house together with the old lady that inhabited it. They also took the frightened boy they found inside under their protection."
"Ruin"
"Camp"
"High"
"Armor"
"After long years of solitude, the Doctor finally returned to his family, following the footsteps of the man in the hat. He was one of the few inhabitants who reached the goal of their wanderings."
"Left shift"
"Not enough materials to craft."
"Sleep in the grave"
"Chapter 2"
"Restart"
"Cottage"
"Abandoned house"
"south"
"Click to repair item!"
